[v8r0] COMDIRAC merge (#6403)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/UserGuide/commands.rst

.. _commands_reference:

==================
Commands Reference
==================

This page is the work in progress.

The shorthand section contains short commands specifically developed for the interactive use of a DIRAC UI.

> To be able to use these commands, please check the :ref:`dirac_tutorials` section for an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use these commands, please check the :ref:`shorthand_commands` section for an
```

Reviewer 2: This update fails the checks - I don't think any of the individual subsections in the commands reference section have labels.
